Transcript
Dicekeys beta

Name: Gulraj Rijhwani (alias camopants)


Notice received of confirmation for the Beta, 2020-09-15.  UK delivery expected by 2020-09-29.  Delivery badly delayed by having to pay import duty and handling charge because the package wasn't marked as a testing sample.

Testing - 2020-10-09:
For general thoughts and experience of setting the dice can be found in the audio recording.

The general experience of the product is OK, though the scanner app wasn't working on iPhone 7 (iOs 14) under either Safari or DDG browser.  The app on a Linux laptop worked fine.

Final assembly of the frame with lid into the box worked well.  I do think some mechanism should be available for opening and re-setting the key by choice.  Overall a good experience.


Further thoughts - 2020-10-10:
Since locking the final setting of the dice I have been drawn to the novelty of the thing, still, and find myself picking it up and handling it, for its own sake.  One thing that stands out to me after repeated handling of the box, which wasn't immediately noticeable is that whilst the body of the box has aesthetically pleasing and comfortable rounded corners, the upper frame and the lid do not, and they have quite starkly noticeable points.  The overall design would benefit from these corners being rounded, and perhaps the lid being a little thicker to allow for a degree of bevelling.

Final thoughts - 2022-04-15:
After finally receiving my actual dice sets I felt confident in trying a little experiment.  I took a minitool and bevelled all 4 corners of the lid as I suggested above.  (I was concerned it might crack, but no such problem.)  The box is now MUCH nicer to handle or put in a pocket.

Also, mentioning again that whilst the use case as envisaged was to generate a single master key, I would suggest one change and one addition.  If it doesn't increase manufacturing costs excessively, I would suggest different case colour options (say, red and green, and possibly more, in addition to the original blue) in order to "file" and easily identify multiple sets in recovery documentation.  And furthermore, whilst the case is designed to lock permanently in place, I would suggest that the option to *deliberately* change the master key - and as a security professional I can think of a number of scenarios where this might be valid - it would be better to have the case locked by (say) a (self-tapping?) micro screw.  I intend to modify my cases to achieve this by grinding off the lugs and drilling appropriately.  A single screw (or a pair) is entirely sufficient to ensure the case segments do not separate accidentally.